The final controller that we need to create for the bank account command API is one that will allow
us to close a bank account, navigate to the controllers package and the bank account command API.
Let's create a new class and call it a close account controller.
As with the other controllers, we will add the risk controller annotation, as well as the request
mapping annotation
for our path, we can use forward slash API, forward slash V, one forward slash close bank account.
Now, let's go and copy the private field and construct of the deposit funds comptroller, let's just
rename our constructor to close the card controller and then we are going to add a delete method.
Let's annotated with the lead mapping for a path.
We will include the bank account ID
again.
Let's secure our method with preauthorization.
Let's copy it from the deposit funds control again.
And then we are going to return a response entity, basically the base response,
let's call our method close account, it's going to take in a path variable, basically the bank account
ID.
And like most elite HDP verbs, we will not have a request, buddy.
OK, so let's implement a try catch first,
go back to the deposit funds controller and copy the catch section.
And then we can just rename our safe area message to Iran while processing requests to close a bank
account for ID.
OK, now let's instantiate a new close account command object.
By using the builder, we will just set an ID, which is our bank account idea that we pass as a variable
and then we'll use the command gateway to dispatch the closed account command.
And if everything is processed successfully, we can return a message bank account successfully closed
and we will return ISP status code two hundred, OK?
Now let's build our project.
Go ahead and add a breakpoint in the controller method.
As well as in the close account command handling method, also in the event sourcing handling method
for closed current event.
That's Dbag, our bank account command application.
Also, our bank account query API.
Let's put a break point in our current event handler, where we handle the account closed event, also
run your bank account reapplication.
Then we can go ahead and add an API gateway route for our newly created controller method, copy the
withdrawal funds API Gateway route, change the data to bank account, CME, the API closed account,
and change the request path to closed bank account and also copy that across to the predicate.
Now let's run our API Gateway.
And also, go ahead and run the Earth 2.0 authorization server, because we are going to need a JWT
to authenticate our bank account command API login to my sequel so that we can go and copy the idea
of the bank account.
It's going to a bank account table and go ahead and copy the Idy now open postman and change it to delete
localhost and put two thousand via the API Gateway
close bank account for its bank account idy.
Now that's going to get a JWT.
And we will pass it as a very token.
Hit send.
You'll see it hits a breakpoint in our close account controller method, the command gateway dispatches
the command it's handled and then it's marked as deleted and that deletes the aggregate hits event handler
method.
And if we check in our database, you'll see that we no longer have any bank accounts.
Let's the canal event store and then you'll see a new event, account closed event.